TERMS
	
	BROKEN - A creature with no Disposition is Broken, opening them for potential injury


MODIFIERS
 • VITALITY - Material prowess
	DISPOSITION - Your ability to deal with danger adequately
 • DEXTERITY - Finesse, Deception
 • ACUITY - Mental prowess, Perceptiveness
 • WITCHERY - Your ability to influence or manipulate the instincts of others, Charisma






VITALITY	
	• Health — Natural healing and overcoming sickness
		♦ Constitution
	
	• Physique - Raw physical power, resisting fatigue
		♦ Stamina
		♦ Strength

	

DEXTERITY
	• Finesse
		♦ Picking
		♦ Stealth
		♦ Sleight-of-hand
	
	• Coordination
		♦ Acrobatics
		♦ Craftsmanship
		♦ Energy Efficiency
		♦ Marksmanship
		
	• Reflex
		♦ Dodge
		♦ Initiative
	

ACUITY
	• Assessment
		♦ Identify
		♦ Appraise
	
	• Mettle
		♦ Courage
		♦ Lucidity
	
	• Knowledge
	
	• Perception
		♦ Investigation
		♦ Observation
		♦ Personal
		
WITCHERY
	• Deception
		♦ Fabrication
		♦ Forgery
		♦ Guise
	
	• Esotericism	
		♦ Arcanism
		♦ Eidolism
		♦ Corporealism	
		
	• Influence				
		♦ Intimidation
		♦ Musery
		♦ Persuasion
	
	• Magnetism
		♦ Appeal
		♦ Repulsion
		
~SETTING~

	♦ Future-Fantasy
	
		When the realms of metaphysicality were discovered, it became the driving inspiration for all further advancements in technology. 
		
		At some point, mankind had eventually left their world using what could only be called magic, surviving the silent death of space using primitive ships. What they would discover, however, is an "endless nothingness." They sailed from Ardona to Amnory, but each planet they arrived at contained no signs of humanity, no signs of life at all. 
		
		How could there exist countless possibilities behind the curtains of reality, but nothing else here—within our own?
		
		Some would try to escape the solar system, but this had been a feat too difficult. But others had seen this as a purpose. If the planets beyond their own were dead and lifeless, then it was up to this world's denizens to enrich them. This began an era referred as the 'Challenge to Mankind.'
		
		One by one, over millenia, the system's planets (among other orbiting bodies) would become part of the ever-changing empire of humanity. The earth from which mankind had originated would become nothing more than another metropolitan rock, eventually left abandoned.
		
		~~
		
		A unknown amount of time has passed. An indeterminate number of civilizations have withered, and sparse histories among other obscurities are what remains. Humanity has acclimated to the Vastness through technological and biological evolution. 
		
		
		Mass tells spacetime how to bend, while spacetime tells mass how to move.
		
		PREVALENT EIDOLISM
			
			
			SUN & WATERWELLS
				It was once believed that nothing inhabited the Realms of Water or Light. Used uknowingly long by humanity, this technology is understood to be the single most influential "Miracle from the Ether." In the current age, it is considered by some to be a krutch, but is still used, as its convenience tends to outweight the common pitfalls.
			
			
				
		
		
		
		WHY ISNT MAGIC EVEN MORE PREVALENT?
			While etheric practices predate known history, their use has become primarily *fashionable*. Why? Its reasons have become twofold. For one, the advancement in technology has obsoleted its necessity. Of course, this begs the question: Why was there a need for such technological advancements when Eidolism had already solved so many of those problems? 
			
			The short answer is: feedback. Some denizens of the Realms Beyond have taken interest in humanity's dependence on it, greatly complicating its use at-scale. While it had been known that there were "Observants" from the Ether, their involvement had been largely precarious, unassuming. This had changed at some point in the past.
			
		
		
		TRAITS
			
			♦ EVOLUTIONARY
			
				
				GAMMA-RAY VISION
					You can see gamma-rays. Those with this trait are also resillient against the electromagnetic radiation emitted from gamma-rays. 
				
				INFRARED VISION
					When in total darkness, special retinal receptors allow you to see infrared light.
				
				HYPER-OSSIFICATION
					Your muscular-skeletal features are resillient to atrophy brought on by living in zero-gravity. You quickly acclimate to such environments.
				
				SOLAR
					Your skin contains photosynthetic cells, able to synthesize nutrients using hydration from your body. While it is generally inadequate by itself, this trait greatly reduces the need for food and air when exposed to reasonable levels of raylight.
				
			
			
			
		MEDICAL
			
			ILLNESS - "Kill the Winner"
				Viral and bacterial infections are largely treatable, but vast separation and isolation creates problems. Luckily, there exists imaging methods that can essentially "clone" an existing immune system for propogation.
				
				IMMUNAL IMAGING
					This process allows the imaging, or copying, of "immunal memory" from one host to another.
		
		PHILOSOPHY
			
			CONSCIOUSNESS - "When does a machine begin to realize it is one?"
				The idea can be a contentious one. The impossible, intricately designed machinery of the modern age can produce what many consider to be, in fact, conscious. While they are generally created in a way that avoids such things, a phenomenon known as "Spontaneous Consciousness" is known to happen.
				
				Consciousness is generally understood as a sufficiently complex system whose individual parts create a feedback loop, inducing the phenomenon known as "thought." This generally requires a way to store "memories". Thought is more clearly defined as 'experiencing the passage of time.'
				
			FRACTAL THEORY - "How, exactly, does one divert from an invisible path?"
				There is a special field of analytics that looks at histories over millenia for repeating trends, exposing what are essentially fractals—a never ending pattern—with the goal of potentially avoiding them in the future. These "shapes" allow for a direct observation into human behavior over greater time-scales.
				
		
		
		STARFARING
			For most starfarers, traversing the vaccuum of space involves zero methaphysical assistance. While some still do it the old-fashioned way, most people tend to stay "on canvas."
			
			PROPULSION
				Travelling at near-light speeds isn't a problem. Accelerating to such speeds, however, can be deadly. The human body, while more resillient than their ancestors, cannot sustain high gravitational forces for extended periods of time. This is typically not a problem—unless danger arises.
				
				ELECTROTHERMODYNAMIC ENGINE
					Generally referred to as its initials, ETD, This propulsion method uses ionized gases to create thrust using magnetic coils that compress and accelerate the given propellent. The most popular medium for an ETD engine is -H3.
			
			
		
		OTHER NOTABLE TECHNOLOGY
			
			PHYSICAL [P]								
				♦ DIOXYGENATION
					The process of creating oxygen from carbon dioxide. This is generally done by emitting CO2 at high speeds into a non-oxidizable material. Alternatively, photosynthesis may be utilized in a similar process. This has trivialized the production of breathable air in no/low oxygen environments.					
				
				♦ LANGUAGE TRANSLATOR
					Communication is key. a Language Translation Unit is able to take any detectable source and translate them into a chosen language. A high-end device is able to handle thousands of channels of communicae simultaneously.
				
				♦ MATERIALIZER
					The majority of materials used in manufacturing can be printed with a Materializer. This includes metals used to make weapons and armor plating, alloys used in aerospace. Some things are still too difficult to materialize, including atto-crystaline "Cookies" used to make Class C processors.
					
					Materializers use specialized fields that can take any shape. These fields attract constructive material into place as they are solidified.
				
				♦ SKINCELLS [Skin Mod]
					Allows the body to absorb solar rays in order to oxygenate blood and regulate body tempurature.
					
				♦ STELLAR JUMPSUIT
					General-purpose space suit. Its basic features include: Vitals tracking, Solar generation, Emergency blood oxygenation, General communication device. Thin and form-fitting, able to be worn underneath nearly any attire.
				
				
					
			
			METAPHYSICAL [M]				
				♦ EIDOLISM 
					A psuedo-religious practice that exploits predefined methaphysical realms.
				
				♦ ARCANISM
					Also known as Spellcraft, Arcanism is a highly varied, often volatile practice that, when successful, manifests an Eidolon.
			
			
			HYBRID [PM]
				
				COMPUTERS
					While there are several applicable computational models, ternary-based processing is king. 
				
					♦ Networks
						"Global" networks that encompass an entire planet or metropolitan space-stations are minimal. General purpose networks are more localized to an individual settlement unit or a cluster of nearby units. While more than just a security measure, gapped or granular networks have become a necessary SOP in order to prevent what are known as 'Transcendent Vulnerabilities.'
					
					♦ "Supercomputers" are typically hosted within meta-realms specifically tuned for performance.
					
					♦ Class C processors are particularly regulated for their ability to cause Spontaneous Consciousness. While measures are taken to prevent this affect during manufacturing, minute defects in the process can ultimately result in consciousness.
		
		• There are a handful of directives accepted (mostly) by the entire system
			
			♥ Consciousness is protected under System Law, and granted basic rights. If ambiguous, consciousness should be assumed. This can be contested at a later date if necessary.
			♥ Basic Rights are as follows
				♦ Anatomical Agency. Modifying a system that you know to be conscious without consent is an unlawful act. This includes removing the core or any of its specified parts from its original location. You are responsible for understanding these specs before taking any such actions.
				♦ Sustenance. You may not willfully deny a conscious system sustenence. This includes food, water, energy, or any other requirement-to-function.
				♦ Consideration. When in a life-threatning situation, it is reasonable to "hear out" or otherwise consider a conscious being's communicae. You are, however, under no obligation otherwise.
				
			
			
		
		
		• LOCALES
			City
				The world is covered in ruinous, ancient towering structures, some spanning for miles. 
					♣ Most areas have been overtaken by nature. Sparsely populated, infrequent and ever-changing settlements can be found, although some factions have constructed their own fixed outposts.
					♣ Those with legal troubles may flee to City.
			Spirit
				The closest notable extraplanetary station to City. A major hub that utilizes gravity similar to the nearby planet.
					♣ Consists of hundreds of boroughs, each with their own local governance, less than 10k population per borough.
						Utilities are station-wide. Power, water, sanitation / Services are more often localized. Security, medical
						Cultural trends and values include: 
							♦ Personal expression through aesthetics (clothing, body modification)
							♦ Egalitarianism is seen as pragmatic, economically logical.
							♦ Boredom-induced recreational pharmacology.
							
			
			
		• Solar tech has made large-scale energy production obsolete.
		
		• Meta-identity is a concept similar to the soul. Your True Name. It is something tied to, but not dependent on a physical body. It's relevent to etheric practices
			
		
		• There is interplanertary travel in the solar system.
		
		• Projectile firearms are legal in large cities. Energy weapons are generally considered too dangerous.
		
		
		
	


~MOTIVATIONS~
	• When creating a character, pick a Personal Motivation. This should represent a goal or desire most important to them.

~TRAITS~
	• Traits are an automatic reaction to a given situation. This is intended to give you a particular advantage. Create 3. 
	
	Some examples:
		♦ Insults to my character enrage me
		♦ When danger arises, I hide
		♦ I never leave my house unarmed 
		♦ I never accept the first offer for a job
		♦ 
		
	
	
	
~FULCRUM~
	Anytime you wish to affect the narrative in a way that can potentially 


~INTENTS~
	Intending to do something difficult will often require a Check.



~HEALTH, DISPOSITION & "INJURY"~
	
	HEALTH represents both your physical and mental well-being.
	
	DISPOSITION is your ability to react adequately in an adversarial situaton.
		Your Disposition protects you from certain harm. When broken, you become vulnerable to a potential INJURY.
	
	An INJURY represents some kind of impediment to your HEALTH—physical or mental, permanent or temporary. These typically happen when you take a hit after your DISPOSITION is broken.
		


	

~THE ETHER~
	Some call it the Sentience, or the Universal Conciousness. It is a semi-understood, latent source of knowledge and unique energies. Some have learned to tap into its core using various disciplines. 

	EIDOLISM
	There are those who speak into the Ether, fostering a dialogue of manifestation. These are often the spiritually inclined, the givers, the binders, the lonely.
	
	ARCANISM
	There are those who delve headlong into the Unknown without a guiding light, discovering their own unique passages. These are often the scholars, the prodigies, the fatally curious.
	
		


~EIDOLISM~ 
	
	Eidolism is rarely an accident. Those with the will to do so have done so, shaping the Ineffable into ordered paths, walkable by many.
	
	EIDOLONS
		
		THE ANCIENTS
			These are the oldest known Eidolons. They are largely considered effective. They are not trendy. These are their generalized names. The ones who created them are no longer known or—simply put—no one really cares.
		
			CORPOREAL
				Transmute chemical vitality into ethereal-kinetic forces that act upon a system or a single focused compound.
				
				This process is taxing, leading to either unexpected ailments or monetary expense. Corporealists will often supplement their transmutations with vibrant chemicals containing extreme dosages of vitamins and electrolytes—carefully timing their magicks with the onset of bodily synthesis.
				
				Corporealism allows you to play with atomic particles. Because of this, more often than not, this practice is considered dangerous—if not outright frowned upon. Folks are generally careful around such practitioners.
					
					
					PERSONAL FIELD
					Corporealism relies upon strengthening the naturally occuring fields that emminate from them. This is the basis for all transmutations.
	
					
					WORDS
					These are known as Synesthesial Words, or simply Words. 
					
						♠ ERR
						Corrode.
						
						♠ ICO
						Electrify, Ionize, Neutralize.
						
						♠ IYRIC
						Transfer thermal energy.
						
						♠ QUA
						Shift photons to infrared, Bend light.
						
						♠ VI
						Accelerate material through space, Generate potential energy.
					
				
					
			
			LIFE
				Induce metaphysical generation. Protect yourself and others from violent forces. Make your enemies more vulnerable.
				
					FOCUS & FOCI
					A Focus is an object containing unusual crystalline structures known as Foci. They help contain and concentrate the energies produced by interactions with Life.
					
					Foci were originally crafted by artificers through magicks capable of embedding these impurities into gemstones and hardened metals. [This suggests a synergistic relation between Life and Resonance.] Nowadays, these structures can be coerced through special mechanisms.
					
						
					
					PREMISI
					The foundation of Life—Premisi—bring out the instinctually visceral feelings brought on by the release of bodily chemicals. Taking timely control of such functions gives Life its meaning.
					
					[The general idea is stacking with other premisi or itself to meet the requirements of abilities
						
						[Oku] 		Infatuation, Oneness										
						[Sero]		Ease, Focus 						
						[Dopha] 	Motivation, Morale					
						[Cortha] 	Stress, Anxiety													
						[Ephi] 		Fear, Rage
						
						
						
					CHANNELS
					These spells require one or more premisi in order to invoke
					
						INVIGORATE -> D
							Restore Disposition
						
						
						
					
					CLOSURES
					Closures allow you to extinguish a number of Premisi to generate a powerful effect.
					
						HARM -> D+E
							
							
						
						REGENERATE -> D + 1
							Induce the rapid regeneration of a recent wound
								♠ +D — Add range
						
						
						
						
						
						
				
			
			RESONANCE
				Resonance is interested in all things Material. Infuse metaphysical properties into creatures and objects. Attune yourself to worldly frequencies. Teleport and Conjure rifts to these attunations.
			
			GLAMOUR
				Become magnetic to those around you. Inspire dramatic shifts in emotion. Captivate and terrorize through delusory.
			


~ARCANISM~
	Arcanism is when one steps into the Mystery without knowing what you might find there. To practice Arcanism is to reject the Influence of Eidolons, passing unmagnetized through the Unknown and suffering any Truth you might find.
	
	Arcanism is dangerous. Arcanists are considered dangerous, and are often reclusive because of this. When successful, they will often leave a legacy in their wake.
	

	

